{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red127\green0\blue85;\red106\green62\blue62;
\red0\green0\blue192;\red63\green127\blue95;\red42\green0\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c0\c33333;\csgenericrgb\c41569\c24314\c24314;
\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c75294;\csgenericrgb\c24706\c49804\c37255;\csgenericrgb\c16471\c0\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Pseudocode for sum of numbers:\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Create scanner object\
Asks user to enter number\
Display user entered number\
Store input in variable number\
Create loop starting at one to the number that sums the series\
Display the required sum\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\ul Pseudocode for pennies for pay\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Create scanner object\
Ask user for input of number of days worked\
Validate that the input is >0 by using a while loop\
Display value\
Define variables of pennies, days, and total pay\
Create loop\
Display totalPay\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 import\cf0  java.util.Scanner;\
\
\cf3 public\cf0  \cf3 class\cf0  SumOfNumbers \{\
\
	\cf3 public\cf0  \cf3 static\cf0  \cf3 void\cf0  main(String[] \cf4 args\cf0 ) \{\
		\
		\cf3 int\cf0  \cf4 number\cf0 , \cf4 i\cf0 , \cf4 sum\cf0 ;\
		\
		Scanner \cf4 \ul \ulc4 keyboard\cf0 \ulnone  = \cf3 new\cf0  Scanner(System.\cf5 in\cf0 );\
		\
		\cf6 // Gets the number that will be used for the calculation\cf0 \
		System.\cf5 out\cf0 .println(\cf7 "Please enter a number greater than zero."\cf0 );\
		\cf4 number\cf0  = \cf4 keyboard\cf0 .nextInt();\
		\cf4 sum\cf0  = 0;\
		\cf6 // Algorithm to find the sum of the number\cf0 \
		\cf3 for\cf0 (\cf4 i\cf0 =1; \cf4 i\cf0 <=\cf4 number\cf0 ; \cf4 i\cf0 ++) \{\
			\cf4 sum\cf0 +=\cf4 i\cf0 ;\
			\
		\}\
		\cf6 // Output of the sum\cf0 \
		System.\cf5 out\cf0 .println(\cf7 "The sum is "\cf0  + \cf4 sum\cf0 );\
\
	\}\
\
\}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 package\cf0  lab09;\
\cf3 import\cf0  java.util.Scanner;\
\
\cf3 public\cf0  \cf3 class\cf0  Pennies \{\
\
	\cf3 public\cf0  \cf3 static\cf0  \cf3 void\cf0  main(String[] \cf4 args\cf0 ) \{\
		\
		\cf6 // Declare necessary variables\cf0 \
		\cf3 double\cf0  \cf4 maxDays\cf0 , \cf4 day\cf0 , \cf4 pennies\cf0 , \cf4 totalPay\cf0 ;\
		\
		\cf6 // Takes the number of days from the user\cf0 \
		System.\cf5 out\cf0 .print(\cf7 "Enter the number of days you worked for: "\cf0 );\
		Scanner \cf4 \ul \ulc4 keyboard\cf0 \ulnone  = \cf3 new\cf0  Scanner(System.\cf5 in\cf0 );\
		\cf4 maxDays\cf0  = \cf4 keyboard\cf0 .nextDouble();\
		\cf6 // Checks that the number of days is at least 1\cf0 \
			\cf3 while\cf0  (\cf4 maxDays\cf0  < 1)\
			\{\
			System.\cf5 out\cf0 .println(\cf7 "Invalid input, please enter a positive integer."\cf0 );\
			\cf4 maxDays\cf0  = \cf4 keyboard\cf0 .nextDouble();\
			\}\
		\cf6 // Sets the values for necessary variables\cf0 \
			\cf4 day\cf0  = 1;\
			\cf4 pennies\cf0  = 1;\
			\cf4 totalPay\cf0  = 0;\
		\cf6 // Creates the table that will be filled out by the while loop\cf0 \
			System.\cf5 out\cf0 .println(\cf7 "Day \\t |  Pennies"\cf0 );\
			System.\cf5 out\cf0 .println(\cf7 "~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~"\cf0 );\
			\cf3 while\cf0  (\cf4 day\cf0  <= \cf4 maxDays\cf0 ) \
			\{\
			System.\cf5 out\cf0 .println(\cf4 day\cf0  + \cf7 "\\t"\cf0  + \cf7 "\\t"\cf0  + \cf4 pennies\cf0 );\
			\cf4 totalPay\cf0  = \cf4 totalPay\cf0  + \cf4 pennies\cf0 ; \cf4 day\cf0 ++; \cf4 pennies\cf0  = \cf4 pennies\cf0 *2;\
			\}\
			System.\cf5 out\cf0 .println(\cf7 "Total pay is : $"\cf0  + \cf4 totalPay\cf0  / 100); \
			\
	\
	      \
\}\}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
}