{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Italic;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-BoldItalic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green0\blue85;\red63\green127\blue95;\red106\green62\blue62;
\red42\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue192;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c0\c33333;\csgenericrgb\c24706\c49804\c37255;\csgenericrgb\c41569\c24314\c24314;
\csgenericrgb\c16471\c0\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c75294;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 /*\
* The purpose of this lab was to create more pseudo code and put it into action\
* Using the pseudo code, I then wrote three programs that accomplished their goal\
*\
* In this lab for the first time a users input is taken, which is noteworthy\
* \
* Intro to Scientific Programming\
* CS01104\
* \
* By Chris Finnegan, 9/26/19\
*\
*/\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 package
\f2\b0 \cf0  lab03;\

\f1\b \cf2 import
\f2\b0 \cf0  javax.swing.JOptionPane;\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 /* \cf0 \
\cf3  * A bag of cookies holds 40 cookies. The calorie information on the bag claims that there\cf0 \
\cf3  * are 10 servings in the bag and that a serving equals 300 calories\cf0 \
\cf3  * \cf0 \
\cf3  * The goal is to have the user input the number of cookies that they consumed, and return the number of calories in \cf0 \
\cf3  * said cookies \cf0 \
\cf3  * \cf0 \
\cf3  * By doing the math, I know that one cookie is equal to 75 calories\cf0 \
\cf3  * \cf0 \
\cf3  * So, the program can be easily made to take the number of cookies eaten, multiple it by 75, and return the product\cf0 \
\cf3  * to the user\cf0 \
\cf3  *\cf0 \
\cf3  */\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 public
\f2\b0 \cf0  
\f1\b \cf2 class
\f2\b0 \cf0  CookieCalories \{\
	\
	
\f1\b \cf2 public
\f2\b0 \cf0  
\f1\b \cf2 static
\f2\b0 \cf0  
\f1\b \cf2 void
\f2\b0 \cf0  main( String [] \cf4 args\cf0  ) \{\
	\
		\
	String \cf4 cookiesIn\cf0 ;\
	
\f1\b \cf2 int
\f2\b0 \cf0  \cf4 cookiesTotal\cf0 ;\
	
\f1\b \cf2 int
\f2\b0 \cf0  \cf4 userCalories\cf0 ;\
	\cf4 cookiesIn\cf0  = JOptionPane.
\f3\i showInputDialog
\f2\i0 (\cf5 "How many cookies did you eat?"\cf0 ); \cf3 //Get the number of cookies\cf0 \
	\cf4 cookiesTotal\cf0  = Integer.
\f3\i parseInt
\f2\i0 (\cf4 cookiesIn\cf0 ); \cf3 //Allows the program to read the string entered as an integer\cf0 \
	\cf4 userCalories\cf0  = \cf4 cookiesTotal\cf0  * 75;\
	System.
\f4\i\b \cf6 out
\f2\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(\cf5 "The user has consumed "\cf0  + \cf4 userCalories\cf0  + \cf5 " calories total."\cf0 );\
	\}\
\}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 /*\cf0 \
\cf3  * The The East Coast sales division of a company generates 65 percent of total sales. Based on\cf0 \
\cf3  * that percentage, write a program that will predict how much the East Coast division will\cf0 \
\cf3  * generate if the company has $8.3 million in sales this year.\cf0 \
\cf3  * \cf0 \
\cf3  * To do this, 8.3 million and .65 need to be doubles, and they need to be multiplied\cf0 \
\cf3  * The product of this equation will be the predicted sales result \cf0 \
\cf3  * \cf0 \
\cf3  */\cf0 \
\

\f1\b \cf2 public
\f2\b0 \cf0  
\f1\b \cf2 class
\f2\b0 \cf0  SalesPrediction \{\
	\
	
\f1\b \cf2 public
\f2\b0 \cf0  
\f1\b \cf2 static
\f2\b0 \cf0  
\f1\b \cf2 void
\f2\b0 \cf0  main( String [] \cf4 args\cf0  ) \{\
		
\f1\b \cf2 double
\f2\b0 \cf0  \cf4 salesTotal\cf0  = 8300000;\
		
\f1\b \cf2 double
\f2\b0 \cf0  \cf4 salesPercent\cf0  = .65;\
		
\f1\b \cf2 double
\f2\b0 \cf0  \cf4 salesPredict\cf0  = \cf4 salesTotal\cf0  * \cf4 salesPercent\cf0 ;\
		System.
\f4\i\b \cf6 out
\f2\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(\cf5 "The predicted total of sales generated by the east coast is $"\cf0  + \cf4 salesPredict\cf0 );\
		\
	\}\
\
\}\
\
\cf3 /*\cf0 \
\cf3  * One acre of land is equivalent to 43,560 square feet. Write a program that calculates the\cf0 \
\cf3  * number of acres in a tract of land with 389,767 square feet\cf0 \
\cf3  * \cf0 \
\cf3  * Quite simply, in order to accomplish this the size of the land is divided by the size of an acre in feet\cf0 \
\cf3  * The quotient of this equation is returned to the user as the the number of acres of land total \cf0 \
\cf3  */\cf0 \
\

\f1\b \cf2 public
\f2\b0 \cf0  
\f1\b \cf2 class
\f2\b0 \cf0  LandCalculation \{\
\
	
\f1\b \cf2 public
\f2\b0 \cf0  
\f1\b \cf2 static
\f2\b0 \cf0  
\f1\b \cf2 void
\f2\b0 \cf0  main(String[] \cf4 args\cf0 ) \{\
		
\f1\b \cf2 float
\f2\b0 \cf0  \cf4 landSize\cf0  = 389767;\
		
\f1\b \cf2 float
\f2\b0 \cf0  \cf4 acreInFeet\cf0  = 43560;\
		
\f1\b \cf2 float
\f2\b0 \cf0  \cf4 acresInLand\cf0  = \cf4 landSize\cf0  / \cf4 acreInFeet\cf0 ; \
		System.
\f4\i\b \cf6 out
\f2\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(\cf5 "There are "\cf0  + \cf4 acresInLand\cf0  + \cf5 " acres of land total."\cf0 );\
	\}\
\
\}\
\
}