{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-BoldItalic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red127\green0\blue85;\red106\green62\blue62;
\red0\green0\blue192;\red42\green0\blue255;\red63\green127\blue95;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c0\c33333;\csgenericrgb\c41569\c24314\c24314;
\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c75294;\csgenericrgb\c16471\c0\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c24706\c49804\c37255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Lab#7 Problem #13 Pseudocode
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Import Scanner
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Define Public Class
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Determine doubles: weight, height, bmi
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Gather user information
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Input: Height in inches
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Display: Height in inches
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Input: Weight in pounds
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Display: Weight in pounds
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Calculate BMI with equation: bmi=weight*703/(hieght*height);
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Display: The BMI of the user
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Do an if-then statement
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 If BMI is >= 18.5 or <=25 then the user's BMI is optimal.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Display: The user's BMI is optimal
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 If BMI is <18 then the user's BMI is underweight
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Display: The user's BMI is underweight
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 If BMI is >25 then the user's BMI is overweight
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Display: The user's BMI is overweight
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Lab#7 Problem #15 Pseudocode
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Import Scanner
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 This program uses 1 int value: books
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Display: "How many books have you read this month?"
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Input: amount of books read in the month
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Display: "Enter number of books purchased this month."
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Input: Number of books purchased this month
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 If then statements
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 If amount of books is <=0 then you have 0 points.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Display: "You have 0 points"
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 If amount of books is =1 then you have 5 points
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Display: "You have 5 points"
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 If amount of books is =2 then you have 15 points
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Display: "You have 15 points"
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 If amount of books is =3 then you have 30 points
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Display: "You have 30 points"
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 If amount of books is >=4 then you have 60 points
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Display: "You have 60 points"
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
package
\f3\b0 \cf0  lab07;\
\

\f2\b \cf3 import
\f3\b0 \cf0  java.util.Scanner;\
\

\f2\b \cf3 public
\f3\b0 \cf0  
\f2\b \cf3 class
\f3\b0 \cf0  BodyMassIndex \{\
	\
	
\f2\b \cf3 public
\f3\b0 \cf0  
\f2\b \cf3 static
\f3\b0 \cf0  
\f2\b \cf3 void
\f3\b0 \cf0  main(String[] \cf4 args\cf0 ) \{\
		\
		
\f2\b \cf3 double
\f3\b0 \cf0  \cf4 weight\cf0 , \cf4 height\cf0 , \cf4 bmi\cf0 ;\
		\
		Scanner \cf4 \ul \ulc4 keyboard\cf0 \ulnone  = 
\f2\b \cf3 new
\f3\b0 \cf0  Scanner(System.
\f4\i\b \cf5 in
\f3\i0\b0 \cf0 );\
		\
		System.
\f4\i\b \cf5 out
\f3\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(\cf6 "This program will calculate your BMI"\cf0 );\
		\
		\cf7 // Gathers the user information \cf0 \
		System.
\f4\i\b \cf5 out
\f3\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(\cf6 "Please enter your height in inches: "\cf0 );\
		\cf4 height\cf0  = \cf4 keyboard\cf0 .nextDouble();\
		System.
\f4\i\b \cf5 out
\f3\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(\cf6 "Height: "\cf0  + \cf4 height\cf0  );\
		\
		System.
\f4\i\b \cf5 out
\f3\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(\cf6 "Please enter your weight in pounds: "\cf0 );\
		\cf4 weight\cf0  = \cf4 keyboard\cf0 .nextDouble();\
		System.
\f4\i\b \cf5 out
\f3\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(\cf6 "Weight: "\cf0  + \cf4 weight\cf0  );\
		\
		\cf7 // Calculates the BMI using the given inputs\cf0 \
		\cf4 bmi\cf0  = \cf4 weight\cf0  * 703 / (\cf4 height\cf0  * \cf4 height\cf0 );\
		System.
\f4\i\b \cf5 out
\f3\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(\cf6 "The BMI of the user is : "\cf0  + \cf4 bmi\cf0 );\
		\
		\cf7 // BMI is optimal if \cf7 \ul \ulc7 bmi\cf7 \ulnone  is between 18.5 and 25\cf0 \
		
\f2\b \cf3 if
\f3\b0 \cf0 (\cf4 bmi\cf0  >= 18.5 && \cf4 bmi\cf0  <= 25)\
		\{\
			\cf7 // Output this line if the \cf7 \ul \ulc7 bmi\cf7 \ulnone  is optimal \cf0 \
			System.
\f4\i\b \cf5 out
\f3\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(\cf6 "The BMI of the user is optimal!"\cf0 );\
		\}\
		\
		
\f2\b \cf3 if
\f3\b0 \cf0 (\cf4 bmi\cf0  < 18.5)\
		\{\
			\cf7 // Output this line if the users \cf7 \ul \ulc7 bmi\cf7 \ulnone  determines them \cf7 \ul \ulc7 underweight\cf0 \ulnone \
			System.
\f4\i\b \cf5 out
\f3\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(\cf6 "The user is underweight :( "\cf0 );\
		\}\
		\
		
\f2\b \cf3 if
\f3\b0 \cf0 (\cf4 bmi\cf0  > 25)\
		\{\
			\cf7 // Output this line if the users \cf7 \ul \ulc7 bmi\cf7 \ulnone  determines them overweight\cf0 \
			System.
\f4\i\b \cf5 out
\f3\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(\cf6 "The user is overweight :( "\cf0 );\
		\}\
		\
	\}\
	\
\}\
\
\

\f2\b \cf3 package
\f3\b0 \cf0  lab07;\
\

\f2\b \cf3 import
\f3\b0 \cf0  java.util.Scanner;\
\

\f2\b \cf3 public
\f3\b0 \cf0  
\f2\b \cf3 class
\f3\b0 \cf0  BookClub \{\
	\
	
\f2\b \cf3 public
\f3\b0 \cf0  
\f2\b \cf3 static
\f3\b0 \cf0  
\f2\b \cf3 void
\f3\b0 \cf0  main(String[] \cf4 args\cf0 ) \{\
		\
		
\f2\b \cf3 int
\f3\b0 \cf0  \cf4 books\cf0 ;\
		\
		Scanner \cf4 \ul \ulc4 keyboard\cf0 \ulnone  = 
\f2\b \cf3 new
\f3\b0 \cf0  Scanner(System.
\f4\i\b \cf5 in
\f3\i0\b0 \cf0 );\
		\
		\cf7 // Gets the number of books the user has read\cf0 \
		System.
\f4\i\b \cf5 out
\f3\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(\cf6 "How many books have you read this month?"\cf0 );\
		System.
\f4\i\b \cf5 out
\f3\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(\cf6 "Enter the number of books you purchased this month:"\cf0 );\
		\cf4 books\cf0  = \cf4 keyboard\cf0 .nextInt();\
		\
		\cf7 // Calculate the number of points to be awarded based off of the books read\cf0 \
		
\f2\b \cf3 if
\f3\b0 \cf0 (\cf4 books\cf0  <= 0)\
		System.
\f4\i\b \cf5 out
\f3\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(\cf6 "You've earned 0 points."\cf0 );\
		\
		
\f2\b \cf3 if
\f3\b0 \cf0 (\cf4 books\cf0  == 1)\
		System.
\f4\i\b \cf5 out
\f3\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(\cf6 "You've earned 5 points."\cf0 );\
		\
		
\f2\b \cf3 if
\f3\b0 \cf0 (\cf4 books\cf0  == 2)\
		System.
\f4\i\b \cf5 out
\f3\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(\cf6 "You've earned 15 points."\cf0 );\
		\
		
\f2\b \cf3 if
\f3\b0 \cf0 (\cf4 books\cf0  == 3)\
		System.
\f4\i\b \cf5 out
\f3\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(\cf6 "You've earned 30 points."\cf0 );\
		\
		
\f2\b \cf3 if
\f3\b0 \cf0 (\cf4 books\cf0  >= 4)\
		System.
\f4\i\b \cf5 out
\f3\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(\cf6 "You've earned 60 points."\cf0 );\
	\}\
\
\}\
\
\
	\
\
	\
}